The President:
Hello, everybody.
This week, Americans across
our country have shown what
it means to be strong in
the face of terrorism.
In San Bernardino, even as
the community continues to
grieve, people are refusing
to be ruled by fear.
Across the county, dedicated
public servants are on the
job - and more will be
returning to work this week.
Faith communities have come
together in fellowship
and prayer.
Families lined the streets
for the annual children's
Christmas parade-because we
can't let terrorists change
how we live our lives.
Meanwhile, our men and women
in uniform are stepping up
our campaign to
destroy ISIL.
Our airstrikes are hitting
ISIL harder than ever,
in Iraq and Syria.
We're taking out more of
their fighters and leaders,
their weapons,
their oil tankers.
Our Special Operations
Forces are on the
ground, because we're
going to hunt down these
terrorists wherever
they try to hide.
In recent weeks, our strikes
have taken out the ISIL
finance chief, a terrorist
leader in Somalia and the
ISIL leader in Libya.
Our message to these killers
is simple.
We will find you,
and justice will be done.
This week, we'll move
forward on all fronts.
On Monday, I'll go
to the Pentagon.
And there, I'll review our
military campaign and how we
can continue to
accelerate our efforts.
Later in the week,
I'll go to
the National Counterterrorism Center.
There, I'll review our
efforts across our entire
government to prevent
attacks
and protect our homeland.
And this week, the
Department of Homeland
Security will update its
alert system to ensure
Americans get
more information,
including steps that you and
your communities can take to
be vigilant and
to stay safe.
In the wake of the attacks
in Paris and San Bernardino,
I know a lot of Americans
are asking "what can I do?"
First, as always, we
have to stay vigilant.
If you see something
that seems suspicious,
say something to
law enforcement.
Over the years, plots have
been uncovered because
someone saw something
and spoke up.
As I said in my
speech last weekend,
one of the most important
things we can do is to stay
true to who we
are as Americans.
Terrorists like ISIL are
trying to divide us along
lines of religion
and background.
That's how they stoke fear.
That's how they recruit.
And just as Muslims around
the world have to keep
rejecting any twisted
interpretation of Islam,
all of us have to reject
bigotry in all of its forms.
I'll say it again, prejudice
and discrimination helps
ISIL and it undermines
our national security.
The good news is that
Americans are coming
together to reaffirm the
core values that keep us strong.
Political leaders across
the spectrum, Democrats and
Republicans, liberals and
conservatives, are standing
up, forcefully, for
freedom of religion.
Churches and synagogues
are reaching out to local
mosques, reminding us that
we are all God's children.
Grateful citizens are saying
thank you to our patriotic
Muslim American service
members and veterans.
Some of our greatest sports
heroes have reminded us why
they're true champions, and
voices for tolerance
and understanding.
Across the country,
Americans are reaching
out to their Muslim friends,
neighbors and coworkers, to
let them know we're
here for each other.
I think of the woman in
Texas carrying a sign
saying, "We love our
Muslim neighbors."
That's the message I hope
every Muslim American
hears, that we're all part
of the same American family.
And it's a message all of us
can deliver.
Parents to our children,
teachers
to their students,
leaders in politics and
business and entertainment.
Back in San Bernardino,
people from across the
community have joined in
prayer vigils.
Christians, Jews, Muslims and others.
They've sent a powerful
message.
We're all in this together.
That's the spirit
we have to uphold.
That's what we can do as
Americans,
united in defense of the country that we love.